"If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself." - Henry Ford, American industrialist and founder of the Ford Motor Company.
"Let us all be the leaders we wish we had." - Simon Sinek, Author and inspirational speaker.
"Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has." - Margaret Mead, American cultural anthropologist.
"Individually, we are one drop. Together, we are an ocean." - Ryunosuke Satoro, Japanese author.
"The nice thing about teamwork is that you always have others on your side." - Margaret Carty, American author and executive director of MLA.
"Great teams do not hold back with one another. They are unafraid to air their dirty laundry. They admit their mistakes, their weaknesses, and their concerns without fear of reprisal." - Patrick Lencioni, American author.
"One man can be a crucial ingredient on a team, but one man cannot make a team." - Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, American former professional basketball player.
"Individual commitment to a group effort-that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work." - Vince Lombardi, American football coach and executive in the National Football League.
"Our love is so big. It has room for everybody." - Cari Tuna, President of the Open Philanthropy Project and Good Ventures.
"Good teams incorporate teamwork into their culture, creating the building blocks for success." - Ted Sundquist, American football player.
"What people have the capacity to choose, they have the ability to change." - Madeleine Albright, American politician.
"Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen." - Michael Jordan, American businessman and former professional basketball player.
"True heroes are made of hard work and integrity." - Hope Solo, American former soccer goalkeeper.
"It's hard work that makes things happen. It's hard work that creates change." - Shonda Rhimes, American television producer. 
"Brands must empower their community to be change agents in their own right." - Simon Mainwaring, Global keynote speaker, CEO of We First, and best-selling author.
"I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live up to what light I have." - Abraham Lincoln, American politician and 16th president of the United States.
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt, American political figure and former First Lady.
"Elevate true productivity over the appearance of hard work." - Scott Belsky, American entrepreneur and author. 
Read: Efficiency vs. effectiveness in business: Why your team needs both
"Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary." - Steve Jobs, American business magnate.
"The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority." - Ken Blanchard, American author and motivational speaker.
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt, American politician and 32nd president of the United States.
"When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor." - Elon Musk, Founder and CEO of SpaceX and CEO of Tesla, Inc.
"Truth is ever to be found in simplicity, and not in the multiplicity and confusion of things." - Sir Isaac Newton, English mathematician.
"People doing good work feel good and people doing exceptional work feel exceptional. Accomplishments contribute greatly to satisfaction." - Mark Sanborn, Author and professional speaker.
"Success is very much the intersection of luck and hard work." - Dustin Moskovitz, Co-founder and CEO of Asana.
Read: Asana CEO Dustin Moskovitz shares his lessons on leadership
"Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart." - Phil Jackson, American former professional basketball player and coach.
"The biggest risk is not taking any risk… In a world that changes really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks." - Mark Zuckerberg, Internet entrepreneur and co-founder of Facebook.
"An entrepreneur is someone who will jump off a cliff and assemble an airplane on the way down." - Reid Hoffman, American Internet entrepreneur.
"Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless." - Mother Teresa, Albanian-Indian Roman Catholic nun and missionary.
"Be brutally honest about the short term and optimistic and confident about the long term."- Reed Hastings, American businessman and co-chief executive officer of Netflix. 
"Being successful is a choice and, therefore, being defeated is a decision." - Jim Stovall, American writer.
"It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going." - Brian Tracy, Canadian-American motivational speaker and self-development author.
"Fearlessness is like a muscle. I know from my own life that the more I exercise it the more natural it becomes to not let my fears run me." - Arianna Huffington, Greek-American author and businesswoman.
"The only way round is through." - Robert Frost, American poet. 
"Don't be intimidated by what you don't know. That can be your greatest strength and ensure that you do things differently from everyone else." - Sara Blakely, American businesswoman and entrepreneur.
"You have no choices about how you lose, but you do have a choice about how you come back and prepare to win again." - Pat Riley, American professional basketball executive.
"When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid." - Audre Lorde, American writer and feminist.
"I want little girls to grow up knowing they can do anything, even play football." - Jen Welter, American football coach. 
"No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one." - Jessica Savitch, American television news presenter.
"Positive thinking is a valuable tool that can help you overcome obstacles, deal with pain, and reach new goals." - Amy Morin, Psychotherapist and mental strength trainer.
"The last 10% it takes to launch something takes as much energy as the first 90%." - Rob Kalin, American entrepreneur. 
"Unity is strength... when there is teamwork and collaboration, wonderful things can be achieved." - Mattie Stepanek, American poet.
"Motivation comes from working on things we care about. It also comes from working with people we care about." -Sheryl Sandberg, American business executive. 
"It all starts with a great idea and teamwork." - Garrett Camp, Canadian entrepreneur.
"A company is only as good as the people it keeps." - Mary Kay Ash, American businesswoman and founder of Mary Kay Cosmetics. 
Read: How we've designed a culture that fuels our business results
"Teamwork is the ability to work together toward a common vision. It is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results." - Andrew Carnegie, Scottish-American industrialist and philanthropist.
"The art of effective listening is essential to clear communication, and clear communication is necessary to management success." - James Cash Penney, American businessman and entrepreneur.
"We cannot win in team situations or in relationships by ourselves." - Terry Orlick, Canadian professor.
"Teamwork is the secret that makes common people achieve uncommon results." - Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha, Educator and bestselling author. 
"With an enthusiastic team, you can achieve almost anything." - Tahir Shah, British author, journalist, and documentary maker. 
"Be passionate and move forward with gusto every single hour of every single day until you reach your goal." - Ava DuVernay, American filmmaker.
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." - Thomas Edison, American inventor and businessman.
"High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation." - Charles F. Kettering, American inventor and engineer.
"Success can cause people to unlearn the habits that made them successful in the first place." - Satya Nadella, Indian-American business executive.
"You never lose a dream. It just incubates as a hobby."- Larry Page, American computer scientist.
"You don't achieve success, you attract success." - Farshad Asl, Entrepreneur.
"Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall." - Stephen Covey, American educator and author. 
"Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome." - Booker T. Washington, American educator and author.
"Great leaders don't succeed because they are great. They succeed because they bring out the greatness in others." - Jon Gordon, American author and speaker.
"It's the building of things that makes you happy. You have to enjoy the process whether you succeed or fail." - Caterina Fake, American entrepreneur and businesswoman.
"There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed." - Ray Goforth, American mensa. 
"You're either remarkable or invisible. Make a choice." - Seth Godin, American author and business executive.
"Imagination is more important than knowledge." - Albert Einstein, German-born theoretical physicist. 
"Imperfections are not inadequacies; they are reminders that we're all in this together." - Brené Brown, American researcher and storyteller. 
"Some people see innovation as change, but we have never really seen it like that. It's making things better."- Tim Cook, American business executive and CEO of Apple Inc.
"Be clear. Be authentic. Have boundaries. Check your vision. Do what matters to you. And know what you value." - Iyanla Vanzant, American inspirational speaker and lawyer.
"There's always an opportunity to make a difference." - Michael Dell, American businessman and philanthropist.
"It will never be done. It's a continuous exercise."- Dara Khosrowshahi, Iranian-American businessman and CEO of Uber. 
"Women speaking up for themselves and for those around them is the strongest force we have to change the world." - Melinda Gates, American philanthropist and former general manager at Microsoft.
"Ask your colleagues for help-early and often."- Jill Konrath, Sales strategist and speaker.
"People with goals succeed because they know where they're going." - Earl Nightingale, American radio speaker and author.
"If you don't try at anything, you can't fail… it takes backbone to lead the life you want." - Richard Yates, American fiction writer. 
"Don't worry about failures, worry about the chances you miss when you don't even try." - Jack Canfield, American author and motivational speaker.
"Failure is a feeling long before it becomes an actual result. It's vulnerability that breeds with self-doubt and then is escalated, often deliberately, by fear." - Michelle Obama, American attorney, author, and former First Lady of the United States.
"All failure is failure to adapt, all success is successful adaptation." - Max McKeown, American author.
"You've got to let go of who you were, to become who you will be." - Janet Fitch, Author of the Oprah's Book Club novel White Oleander.
"Giving up is the only sure way to fail." - Gena Showalter, American author. 
"Never let the fear of striking out get in your way." - Babe Ruth, American professional baseball player.
"Every single failure has an equally great upside if you are willing to stay in the game." - Barbara Corcoran, American businesswoman. 
"Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable." - Denis Waitley, American motivational speaker.
"Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." - John Wooden, American basketball player and coach.
"I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship." - Louisa May Alcott, American novelist.
"Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire." - Oprah Winfrey, American talk show host. 
"Anyone can give up; it is the easiest thing in the world to do. But to hold it together when everyone would expect you to fall apart, now that is true strength." - Chris Bradford, English author. 
"Anything is possible if you wish hard enough." - J.M. Barrie, Scottish novelist, playwright, and creator of Peter Pan. 
"Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience." - Paulo Coelho, Brazilian author and novelist.
"Expect the unexpected. And whenever possible, be the unexpected." - Lynda Barry, American cartoonist, author, and teacher.
"It doesn't matter how many times you have failed. You only have to be right once." - Mark Cuban, American entrepreneur and television personality. 
"Between being able to and actually doing something lies an ocean, and on its bottom rests all too often the wreck of willpower." - Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach, Austrian writer.
"The most effective way to do it, is to do it." - Amelia Earhart, American aviation pioneer and author.